The Joe Rogan experience.
Um, that girl,
that amazing gymnast who everybody's on Simone Biles,
cause she just bailed on the Olympics. Like I can't take anymore.
I was just reading that she regularly takes, um,
uh, ADHD medication and they said that she can no longer take it because in
Japan you can't take this stuff. She takes Ritalin. Find out if this is true,
because if that is the case,
they said that during the last Olympics, uh,
I guess 2016,
she took this stuff and she won a bunch of gold medals. Yeah. And now,
because she's regularly on this, right? This is her medication.
And so they're saying she can't because.
Japan, Japan, Japan is it's illegal to take, uh,
whether it's Adderall or Ritalin. I think it's illegal to take those in Japan.
So I was reading today.
How cultures have their different, yeah. I mean,
you could like buy panties in a vending machine,
but you can't take Ritalin.
Well, I think they're very sensitive to amphetamines because amphetamines and
methamphetamines were the reason why the kamikazes were willing to fly their
planes right into boats. You grit in their teeth the whole way.
Boom.
That's why Lexus probably does so well. Cause if you mess up at the factory,
you have to like walk off a plank because honor in honor. Well, I'm just,
I don't know if that's true, but.
They don't. I've had three Lexuses in my life. They never break.
They're so good. They're so good. I had the best cars.
So this is from last Olympics. Okay.
Simone Biles addresses leaked medical records and ADHD misconceptions,
U S gymnast superstar.
Simone Biles was in a different kind of spotlight Tuesday after Russian hackers
circulated confidential medical reports in the world.
Anti-doping agency database that showed her use of methyl
Fen date methylphenidate, a stimulant use to treat ADHD.
Biles 19 was forced to publicly address her ADHD and approval of the use of
medication. After leak.
I have ADHD and I've taken medicine for it since I was a kid. Please know,
I believe in a clean sport, I've always followed the rules.
So we'll continue to do so. As far as play is critical to us,
fair play is critical to sport and is very important to me.
So she's been on this medication for a long time,
but see if you can find that, uh,
an article that says she was not allowed to take this ADHD medication in
Japan, because that's what they were saying.
They were saying that during this Olympics,
they told her she has to get off of it.
If that's the case that would greatly contribute to her anxiety
and her mental problems that she's having.
Imagine if you're on a medication for less, at least five years. Right.
And she's been on since 2016 and then all of a sudden they tell you can't be on
it anymore and you have to compete in the Olympics.
And you're used to being on this medication. Yeah.
No. That'll that'll cause you some strife, but this could be fishy.
Like they're saying they treated for ADHD,
but what if this is like a drug that makes them like super-focused.
It does make you super, super focused. I'm sure it does. I mean, that's,
that's why they say pitchers, can't take it right?
Like pitchers want to take Adderall.
Yeah. And they w the pitchers used to take, uh, Greenies,
which were basically some sort of amphetamines amphetamines.
So this could be a similar kind of scandal where the Russian hackers fricking
Russell's, uh, you know, the Russians and the Chinese are just like,
they're beating us on the online dude. They're like,
they're like Jago and Othello.
And they're just kind of manipulating us and hack our. But I think about it.
It's like, um, Yani and, uh,
what's his name from Slovenia is like the best BA th uh, everything is like,
the rest of the world has, is beating us and everything. Like, look now,
like our gymnasts are retiring because they're sad. I don't know.
See, this is what everybody's saying about that girl.
I think a thing about that girl is her ADHD medication.
Oh, I could find was people discussing that and that,
so then I outside looked up Ritalin in Japan,
turns up that currently the only drug used to treat ADHD that is legal in
Japan is called Conserta.
While Ritalin is available in Japan is to treat sleep disorders.
It's not prescribed for ADHD.
Giving you speed for sleep disorders.
But it's not illegal though. Right? Ritalin. It.
Says it then going into, it says, it's V you maybe could get it.
It's very hard to get.
And then she could be not on it because it was hard for her to get a TV because
Japan rules, Trump Olympic rules.
I think that's what's going on. If you go to,
I believe it was a Chris Bell's Instagram page, I saw him tweet it.
But I think you go to big, strong, fast. He on Instagram,
I think Chris bell covered it.
And he's discussing what exactly is happening with that girl.
So that's something that people needed to, could take it to.
So many people were on her online and calling her a Couter it's disgusting.
Like you have no idea what's going on in her head.
You suppose she's supposed to play when she's suicidal.
She's supposed to play when she's freaking out.
And she's supposed to do gymnastics when she's literally losing her mind.
Like when people get off prescription drugs,
like Jordan Peterson was up for a whole year when he was trying to get off, um,
benzodiazepine. I mean, I don't know what it's like to get off Ritalin. Right.
But I would imagine it's not fun. Right?
Yeah. It's withdrawal. Yeah. And who knows the stuff that that girl has done?
I mean, she's the goat by a lot. I mean, she does stuff. That's like superhuman.
Simone Biles, ADHD meds among common drugs banned from Olympics.
So Simone Biles has revealed that she has ADHD and takes Ritalin for it. Uh,
correction. It was first told Adderall in the articles, looked it up.
It's Ritalin, very similar. He says, sorry. Uh,
she received a therapy therapeutic use exemption for it in 2016 and took home
four gold medals in Rio. Fast forward to Tokyo, 2020, and Ritalin.
And Adderall is 100% illegal in Japan under all circumstances,
including therapeutic use. It is unfair. Unfortunate,
because I'm sure we'd love to see her compete,
but it makes sense that she couldn't focus. That does make sense.
See, now, why are we not hearing this?
Why am I getting this only from Chris bell, who by the way,
made an incredible documentary, bigger, stronger, faster, uh,
which is a documentary on steroids. And then, uh,
another documentary prescription thugs, which both prescription medication.
Great. He does great.
So I guess at this point, it's either that's true.
Or what Jamie pulled up before his chair. Like,
we're not sure because Jamie's saying the article he wrote is that it's not an
illegal.
Might be illegal for competition.
It might be illegal as a therapeutic use exemption.
You might not be able to get one of those. Right. Whatever Chris is saying,
but it's a, it's a complicated story. It's not, I mean, this girl's,
she won four gold medals in Rio. She's she's, uh, she's not a chicken.
She's the best.
Of all time by, by all people's accounts. Aren't they.
Changing rules because she could do that other people can't do. She's right.
Yeah. She like flies through the air. It's incredible.
The video that was a describing how they're literally like altering the
rules to make what she does, less impressive, right.
Or less a S scores, less whatever. Right. I don't follow gymnastics.
Yeah. I mean, most people don't until the Olympics. I mean,
that's the thing about Olympic sports. Like these people are,
that must be a weird come down. Like, you know,
the whole world's watching and then you gotta go back to working at a Panera
bread. That's weird. Yeah. You're just a swimmer or like a shot put guy,
you went to gold and then you're just back to handing out buzzers.
How much money do you make for a shot, but.
I don't think they make anything right.
Olympics, you win the Olympics. And then,
then what you just teach ShotPut to people that also can't make money,
catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify,
watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan expenses.